Mentioned REPL help mode in getting started doc. (#41663)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/getting-started.md

A curated list of useful learning resources to help new users get started can be found on the [learning](https://julialang.org/learning/) page of the main Julia web site.

> REPL can itself be used as a learning resource by switching into the help mode, you can switch to help mode by pressing `?`. Typing a keyword in help mode will fetch the documentation for the same along with examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the REPL as a learning resource by switching into the help mode.
Switch to help mode by pressing `?` at an empty `julia> ` prompt, before typing
anything else. Typing a keyword in help mode will fetch the documentation for
it, along with examples. Similarly for most functions or other objects you
might encounter!
```

```
help?> begin
search: begin disable_sigint reenable_sigint

  begin

  begin...end denotes a block of code.

> 
>   begin
>       println("Hello, ")
>       println("World!")
>   end
> 
>   Usually begin will not be necessary, since keywords such as function and let
>   implicitly begin blocks of code. See also ;.
> 
>   begin may also be used when indexing to represent the first index of a
>   collection or the first index of a dimension of an array.
> 
>   Examples
>   ≡≡≡≡≡≡≡≡≡≡
> 
>   julia> A = [1 2; 3 4]
>   2×2 Array{Int64,2}:
>    1  2
>    3  4
> 
>   julia> A[begin, :]
>   2-element Array{Int64,1}:
>    1
>    2

Reviewer: I don't think the whole text is essential, just enough to show the principle of it
```suggestion
```
